do you like us
I wake up on December 31 and then calling Witek
Witek on the phone gills beats aka
This institute fish graduated from Schukinsky
school sipit mohawk anakina eye strangling
help me out grandfather instead of me tonight
Frosted on call on huts prostrovrnis
fee in half we divide well, no questions
from waste my folder desperately need games
only snow maiden is he ok
Come over there to protect the missiles
shamanil their armor put on a mushroom throw
mary poppins
this is my friend mary my name drank with a special
will she have my chick
beauty unearthly poured and how to say
her dad is not we are with her from 1 squad of Indians
so she is bald
in general, I took Mary not her mother
always a holy water after me
I sprinkled the comb after all kyusak and head
measure the subcortex for and slide in red
shubeike with a stick I like an archer on
military parade of Ivan the Terrible
and with a beard is generally similar to a ghost with
cotton factory
I left my beard on compresses
the cap also did not wear my legs
his beard is not burda only grows up
but the snow maiden cool figured
only had to cashier hat bald head
chewing to land a whirlwind gaze
skipped battle know how to run well
yan did not immediately enter his question
just take the fee forward okay
Grebe of Mary on the first address of an ordinary
five-story building without a lift
scrambled up I rang the doorbell from there
then there i am we ordered your hut to us
behind the door and something fell
I'm screaming yes it's me Santa Claus and my granddaughter
porosha that is it
maiden door open up consist of 2
botany pestle with liver and result
their pollination three kids
the game kids read grandfather frost
stitches are better not asked
these dc are bespectacled like 40 minutes
read me all of Eugene onegin
by heart without mat
my schengen ears wilted
Well it is necessary to disfigure the classic so
nothing to do they gifts in a bitch fee
took say dear we have no time
we don't have deer parked there
rowing at another location well found quickly
triple iron door opens
doorway
square uncle with my mary's hair
without chewing gum, I gnawed hello
master i'm grandfather frost and then runs out
his kids too square
only small on the necks of the chain
gold chatter handed as a pistol
hair shades guess which one
gas what kind of combat we can not guess
we will show you
dry my strangling signals but i don't
confused as a vitek taught me entered
image of santa claus say wait
guys lower your guns
Santa Claus let's say together before dying
need a drink
chain squares clear fuck no bazaar
I say well then rushed dent
in a year I will return to you children but already
bulletproof vest
run to the third address in the private
sector such a hut ugly knocking
at the door of the ring drew some
pops up
we saw the eyes on an independent suspension
trick to catch can't speak you
why the flying saucer broke and collapsed
between us I so fly into the hut so boldly
rubles and here I am at the table Freeze zakus
on the forks dries
one swallowed says visible bad things in
la plan scam kingdom
I watch
izba obviously hunting
on the walls stuffed animals gets up
sad host says hello guest
expensive
and we hold a place for you on the wall
the goat moth ate your place will and
it is not necessary to change the sign I say dear
master what kind of honor is he somewhere
you look how much worthy of you
people sobered up
how much vodka forever on my tailbone
groped neznamo than the handle turned
Mary and I ran overtaking the fraction of years
bonfire around the campfire for 12 months
with women
dope smoke horror stories they say they are poisoned
places robber chu-chu with his wife
buried alive and we Snow Maiden already
shoots warm want little blue
we pull the fire we saw quickly
smoking thrown packs swallowed
all around
chucha rogue chu-chu rebelled with his
choo choo
molasses foam tape i started the day
grandfather frost and finished thug robbers
someone in the tomb I have seen such a hack
one thing I understand you need to always stay
yourself the only positive
the joke in my hack is this that
evening so many people smoke and drink quit
so my rockets
also country benefit